The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Good morning, America. Happy birthday. You did it, America. Good work.
It's your 240th anniversary of being a thing. Your inevitable decline
is, well, I think it's still pretty much on the way. You're still on it, but the ride hasn't come
to a stop yet. We've had a good run, though. We had a good run, America. So eat a hot dog and
watch our country slowly pass away. I watched this movie about the collapse of America yesterday,
and it was called Zookeeper. It's all about how we're just done. We're all just done here.
This is My Brother, My Brother, Me. It's an advice show for the modern era. I'm your oldest brother,
Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother, Travis McElroy. I'm your precious moments baby
doll, Griffin McElroy. Sweet little porcelain baby. All right, my sweet little porcelain angels,
today we're going to take questions from our readers, and we're going to give them advice
about them. What do you think about that? I hate it. Yeah, let's change it up. It's just
like Dear Abby. Is she still alive? I hope she's still alive. I would like to rename her column
and just call it, Hey Abby. Sup bitch. This is my column, Sup Bitch. People email me and they're
like, Sup with this bitch. I'm like, I don't know whore. Bitch, my shit is fucked. Hey Abby, you
bitch. My shit is so fucked. My shit is fucked to four miles. Fix me. Open up that stupid burp
machine you call mouth you whore. Just give me some fucking advice. Like a weird anti-Dear Abby
turn. Possibly an anti-women turn all together. Was it an anti-women turn? I don't know. Let's
ask half our audience. Oops, they're gone. They already left. Click. It's off. Let's get right
into the questions. Hey, I had sex for the first time. How was it? Tell me everything. Tell your
buddy Mike Love. Tell him everything. Hey, how would my girlfriend feel if I told her this?
She knew going into this relationship I was inexperienced, but I don't think she knew the
extent. I'll take my answer off the air. Sexed insult like, hey bro. I bet she knows. She knows,
buddy. She knows. What? But you are a fantastic lover. You are a wonderful lover. It is glaringly
obvious that was your first time making love to a female. The fact that you stood back going,
hmm, where to start? Yeah. Let's see. There's a good chance that you yelled, I'm doing it. I'm
doing it. If that is the case, then the cat is out of the bag. Well, the claims do come true.
The crying, I think, was a big tip off. Yes. Did you go, ew? Because that was my jam the first
time. Oh, yeah? Who knows what's going on in there? Yeah. Ew, yucky. It's upsetting. Sorry,
Jesus. I'm sorry, Jesus. Don't look. This is happening. Don't look. Don't look, Jesus. I can't
help myself. That's why people use sheets. I think, I mean, if you were going to tell her,
you needed to tell her before. I personally, I don't think you can spring that on. Plus,
why didn't, girls love to take guys for genity. You should have told her. She would have really
enjoyed that. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Really? They love it. They can't get enough. Yeah. They
collect them on like necklaces. That's untrue. How many virginities do you have? Oh, they collect
them like silly bands. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, that's what they make scrunchies out of. Yeah,
that's what scrunchie is. It's made of a man's virginity. I think that you can't tell her anymore.
I think that you have to keep this lie forever. I think you can tell her if you start off with,
oh, by the way, funny story. Hey, you know, I was thinking about it and I don't think I've
had sex before this. I checked my diary and it turns out. I thought I did. I thought I had sex
at Lollapalooza last year, but I didn't. I just saw the Neville Brothers in concert. Wait, here's
a really important question. How old are you? Wait, because there's a window where this question
isn't creepy, right? Yeah. That window is like 15 to 18. What? Yeah, like 15 to 18. Bad news,
everybody. According to Travis, if you haven't burned down by 18, you're a mutant. You're some
kind of monster. That's good, Travis. That's a really positive message to send to America's youth.
No, no, no. All I'm saying is that if by 18, I think that at that point you can get away with
saying it after, I think after 18 in college, you need to say it up front and before. Why is it any
of her business? I don't understand a thing you're saying. Yeah, your logic is not. I think this is
one of the situations where you're just saying things and even you don't believe them. Is that
where we've wandered into? Yeah, more or less. All of the best advice is birthed from that place of
disingenuousness. Travis, sometimes they'll just decide, I know the words I'd like to say right
now. Well, once you get halfway through that sentence, you can't do a U-turn. You got to follow
that road. Yeah, sure. I think maybe sometimes you're hoping there's a joke there, but instead
you just say something that's wrong and you just let it lie out there. Yep. They can't all be
winners. Listen, listen, people. It's a free show, okay? Free podcast. I think that you can say it,
I think you can safely say it afterwards, but it has to be immediately, like I think you probably,
it has to be immediately post coitus. Like, so that was sex, huh? That was it? That's it? You've
been waiting all this time for that? I think you could tell her and I think it'll be okay. But if
not, then you know, maybe you weren't meant to be with her. Why don't you look her dead in the eye
and say, Hey, Tracy, I just want you to know you're the best I ever had. And then wink at her
and she can read into that however you want. If, if she, if she gets it from that, God bless her.
If she doesn't, you try to tell her in your, in your way, in your own way. Hey, in your shady,
sneaky way. In your shady, sneaky, virginic way. Your way is terrible. She probably would have
been more forgiving if you told her beforehand, but now the damage is done. Maybe she'll be
relieved. Maybe she'll be like, Oh God, okay. Cause it was terrible. If you think you're about
to have sex with her again, I want you to look her in the eye and say, I want you to know I've
never had sex. And then she'll be like, well, wait a minute. And you'll say that, wait, that was sex?
That was it? I need to go. I'm hungry. I've been talking to this guy for a while and it seemed
like we were hitting it off. I got sick of waiting for him to make a move. So I just asked about
myself. I've never asked a guy out before and as such have never been responsible for first date
plans. So far the play consists of doing something also. Also, I feel like since I did the asking,
I should be paying for the date, but that because that's what classy broads do. I'm kind of broke.
What's a cheap first date idea that won't make me seem completely lame? How do you like it?
Take his virginity. Do you live in Salt Lake? It's free and he'll have a great time.
Uh, what about museums? People like those, right? You got to pay though. Got to pay some, some of
the effort for most of them. No, it depends. If you want to go to a good museum with all the best
art, you got to drop a, you got to drop some scrilla. Oh, art, art, no art. I was saying
science museum. Go to CoSci. Ooh, we got friends there. We're connected at CoSci. Take her,
take him to science museum. Check out that Cracker Jacks display. Oh my God. There's so
many different Cracker Jacks there. Make a music video, ride a bike backwards over a tightrope.
There's rap basketball and everything. You want to learn about chemistry? They got you.
I do believe CoSci costs money though. I'll have to check, but I'm pretty sure they need money to,
to, I mean, to pay the rats. First of all. Yeah. Yeah. So we don't get the lockout. Yeah.
Especially LeBron. The one rat named LeBron. He got a really smart head after that. Picnic.
Picnic. I think a picnic's a great idea. No, I think the problem is, I think first date,
that's, it's a little too intense to go for a picnic. I think this time of year, you don't want
to do it. People say, how was your first date? And you say, well, it was muggy. Yeah. Very sweaty.
You can't control like the, what if it rains and then it's like, well, I guess our date is canceled.
You know, I guess our love is canceled. Yeah. That was our shot, I guess. What happens if,
what happens if, and by if, I mean, when a bear attacks you and takes your, and takes your stuff,
takes your picnic basket and your wallet. Yeah. Bears are mean motherfuckers.
Bears are mean motherfuckers. They will rip you off. Maybe you should just ask him why he,
I don't think this guy's worth your time. Why didn't he ask you out? Yeah, forget this guy.
He's just in it for a free meal. Hey, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Maybe he's shy. Maybe he's shy?
Well, but that gets tricky because to be shy, the best first dates are the ones where you get
to know each other and you go and talk and like, and actually hang out. Absolutely. I don't,
I don't think movies are good first dates because you just sit there in the dark not talking.
Um, but if he's shy, it's going to make the whole thing trickier.
Cause you're going to have to do something that kind of draws him out of his shell. No, no, no,
no, no. Cause you can, you can be functionally shy, right? You can be functionally shy,
but that doesn't mean that you're socially shy, right? Like I'm functionally shy. I'm terrible.
I'm terrible at getting people together to do shit. Um, but once I'm at the shit, like I,
I can be sociable. I think there's two different kinds of charisma there. He may have the important
one. I'll tell you what I think is good. I think going to the mall is good because if you go to the
mall with like, well, you go with like a purpose, right? Like I need to get a belt, so let's go to
the mall together. The mall is very good because a lots of stuff to talk about. Um, B you could
transition pretty well. Like if things are going well and you want the day to keep going, you can
sort of transition it into dinner at the mall. Yeah. Right. And, or if it's like, and there's
always a movie theater around the mall, so you can go after you talk and hang out and everything.
Yeah. If you want to continue things, there's a lot of options there. I, you get to go to the
mall, which is always fun. I think gotta know, you've got to know her position on pretzels.
What's she working with? Is she, uh, is she an auntie Anne's lady? Is she, uh, is she, uh,
twisty McGee's? Is she down with twisty McGee's? Cause if not, she got a kicker right to the curb.
Did she like my dark twisted pretzel fantasy? I have to know.
You might think you've peeped these pretzels, but these real pretzels are far, far too tasty.
No one man should have all these pretzel dogs. I'm full. I'm truly full.
Can we, can we get much fresher? So fresh. So salty. So yeah, that's, uh, that I think the mall,
that's my official recommendation. Don't cost nothing. If, if your first dinner date takes
place at the Chick-fil-A at the mall, I'm going to find you and I'm going to hurt you somehow.
Well, the bonus of the mall is if you walk in and he's like, but first I got to hit up hot topic.
Then, you know, instantly to get out of that date and go home. Why? They got good shirts.
They have good shirts and all finger rings there. But that's his first priority. Gotta go to hot
topic. Well, you want to get the first batch of all finger rings and, um, steampunk goggles.
You gotta get the first batch because they're the best batch. They might say something. What
if he says something like, I'm just going to dip in the Hollister real quick. Like you go ahead
in there. I'm going to go to the car and I'll be waiting for you. Hollister has good beach sweaters.
So I don't know what you're complaining about. What if he just wants to duck into Claire's?
Claire's has good accessories. I don't know what Claire's does. Lady accessories, like, like
diaphragms. That's gross. That is gross. Griffin, why don't you give us a palette cleansing?
Let's get the taste of that last question out of our mouth. Uh, this one was sent in by Johnny
Wags. Thanks, Johnny Wags. It's by Yahoo Answers user, Mary Martin, who asks
my 17 year old son wets his pants when he laughs too hard. Should he wear a diaper to carrot tops
show? It really turned around right there at the end. Carrot top is my son's favorite comedian.
He's 17 and loves to laugh and dreams of being a comedian. The problem is that once he starts
laughing, he can't stop and he often loses bladder control. He wants to wear a disposable diaper to
the carrot top show. I think it's okay, but my husband thinks that if he can't control his
bladder that he shouldn't go to the show at all. Who's right? This is a disease that affects,
this is a disease that affects a surprising amount. Carrot top. Finding carrot top funny.
Yes. It's so many people. It's terminal in most cases too. Um, cause you just chuckle yourself
to death at his, at his goofs and his props. I think you should have, if you will have so hard
a carrot top that you pee, I think you should have to have pee pants forever and wear that.
With a shirt that announces why I wear pee pants because I think carrot top is funny.
This is my futuristic chastity belt. Like no one touched me, please.
I mean, incontinence sucks. Like it sucks to be that young and have this problem.
But if you, if you can say the words in your life and have it be true, I laughed so hard at carrot
top that I, I evacuated my pee pee into my adult diapers. Then you're done. Like you're done. You
don't have anything else left that you can do. You're done. That'd be a fun checkout at the
grocery store. No, yeah. I'm going to see, uh, go to see carrot top. Gotta pad up before the
C top show. Cause I'm afraid that I will urinate in my pants. What if, what if carrot top does some
hilarious adult diapers goofs? Anybody raise that show hands. And then what if you meet him after
the show and you're like, Hey Scott, listen, your, your joke up there about the diapers. It really
hit home at a very personal place for me because I love your work. I don't know if you noticed,
I laughed so hard, Scott, that I peed in my, I made pee in my pants because of the jokes that
you were laying down up there. And when you poured those frozen peas in your pants and you said,
I just peed my pants, it made me cry a little bit. And then I peed a little bit. Is Scott carrot top
name? Yeah. Do you think people, I was thinking about this just now. Do you think when you're
backstage, you're the stage manager of the carrot top show? Do you say like five minutes, carrot top
Mr. Top, Mr. Top, just five minutes, just five minutes, sir.
So you fucking unleash your comedy rodeo yet again. That's a good question. What do you call
Gallagher? You call him Gallagher. Oh, is that his name? Oh, wait. You call him Mr. Gallagher? You
call him a racist, right? You call him a bigot. A bigot. Tell me your racist show. What do you call,
what do you call? I don't know. Carrot top's really in a league of his own.
His bit role in league of their own is really good. That's one of the rare moments where he
plays a plucky outfielder, Denise Williams. And she looks kind of like the Wendy's girl.
And she's actually played by Carrot Top. It's one of those. You know who I love in this scenario
is the dad who's like, the dad who's like, my son has a problem and it's serious and it's going to
affect him for his entire life. But you know what, son, if you can't get your shit right,
you don't get to go to the carrot top show. I think that this dad is the only one with a fucking
level head on his shoulders. He's the only one on team. Let's not go see Scott jokes on a stage
about his props. He's looking for any excuse not to go. Maybe this kid hates carrots up. This is
the only way he could think of to get out of going to the show. Like, yeah, if I will go,
but I'm going to wear an adult diaper. I feel like 17 year old son is going to fucking hate his dad.
Fuck you, dad. I just want to go see carrots out. Fuck you. But when that kid's like 30,
he's gonna be like, yeah, one time my dad showed me some tough stuff. And I was like,
he's gonna be like, yeah, one time my dad showed me some tough love, but he kept me from going to
see carrot top. He saved my life that night. I think we're going to get back together and,
and work out our differences. By the way, uh, I really enjoyed zoo keeper three. You don't have
any adult diapers on handy. I pretty much ruined mine. It's like a, it's like a, a wad of toilet
paper. You dropped in a sink in here. It's really swimming. This kid watched chairman of the board
and he peed the entire theater. Excuse me. I wet your theater. I wet everything. Everything is
moist. Damn you. Carrot top and your, your props. Your goofy props. You Prince of props. This poor,
that poor dad. Can you imagine? We should look out for a younger answer where someone asks if
they can simultaneously divorce their wife and their son to save on the lawyer's fees. Hey Steve,
how's your kid? Oh yeah. He's good. He's still doing that thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
But only to carrot top. Now he's like a, he's like a canary that they send into theaters to
tell if there's carrot top movies in them. It's too dangerous. Carrot top movies naturally produce
methane gas, which kills everybody in the audience. You produce methane gas. Carrot tops hit character
Dr. Fart. Did you see that movie that he did Dr. Fart? Yeah. Yeah. He's got, uh, he's got one of
those party whistles like on the back of his pants so that every time he does, um, that he does break
wind, it blows out and it makes a honk, makes a honk sound. Oh fuck. I peed my pants. Just talking
about it. Oh no. Uh, you know, uh, the, the sort of Himmler inspired character, uh, hair freshener,
uh, that, that was played by Jeff Conway was actually his last, uh, screen role. A lot of
people don't know that. That's, that's because it's a very sad thing to say. You see hair freshener.
See, I regularly get into an argument with a friend of mine about a habit, uh, of mentioning
the reviews of a movie before I see them. Example being, I read a review or I don't think that got
very good reviews. He argues that some should see movies about themselves before they pass judgment.
Who is right? Bim bam. I do the same thing. That's all point reviews, right? I'm such a busy fucking
guy. I can't afford to go see a movie that I think is going to be a jam and then it ends up to be a
clunker. I, what I do is there are some movies where I'm like, listen, no matter what kind of
reviews this gets, I'm going to go see it because I love the franchise or I love the actor or I love
whatever. But the majority of movies I'm going to check first and be like, oh, this is getting like
a 10%. I ain't going to see that movie. Yeah. I think you just wait for it to come in on DVD or
Netflix. Even then, I'll watch anything on Netflix. I'll watch some bullshit on Netflix, but going to
the theater, you can't go to a theater and spend less than $35. I find it a babysitter for the kids.
You got to get an adult diaper because you're seeing a carrot top movie. You got to get popcorn,
soda, an extra large soda because fuck it. You know, it doesn't matter. Have you guys noticed
how big these movie theater sodas are? I think that as someone who writes reviews professionally,
I think reviews are grand. I think you should always read reviews. To be fair though, I think
the difference there is, I mean, yes, movies have gotten expensive and everything, but it's still
not 50 bucks. Like you're still not doing that big of an investment. There are some movies that I
think you just risk it and go see anything less than 50 goddamn American dollars is that's not
even money. I'm saying that if it is a movie that I watched the previews for and I want to go see,
like there is no amount of bad reviews. That's going to change my mind on that.
There are some, I can't fight that feeling where I see a bad movie and I know that there
were better movies in the theater. Like for reasons that I won't go into here,
I saw bad teacher a couple of weeks ago. Do you know how that felt?
Are you sad?
It was sad because I knew that there were like better movies playing. Like,
you know how sad that made me? Like wicked sad.
Yeah, but I also, I always think about the fact that like I want to go see
Horrible Bosses, but everything is telling me not to. And so maybe I'll find it really,
really funny, but you do like some really bad things though. I do love bad shit. That's the
thing is like, I've learned from Netflix that I love terrible, terrible movies.
And Travis doesn't like the fun way that normal people like them. Like Travis
bumped that, that, uh, what's that movie where the guy does Kung Fu?
Oh, are you talking about Kung Pao?
Yeah, Kung Pao. Man, you guys, you guys bumped that one. You wore that dude without.
I still own two copies of that.
Yeah, you can't get enough, right?
No, I love that movie.
I love, I, um, I share Travis's Netflix account. I have it hooked up to my, my PS3 so I can use
his account to watch movies. And the recommendations that pop up are probably my favorite thing,
like on a planet like here's, here's more movies like Earth Girls are easy. Thanks, dude.
Thanks, Netflix.
To be fair, the funny thing is I love really terrible 80s movies and Griffin loves horror
movies. So the recommendations that they come up with is some of the most twisted shit I've ever
seen.
It usually just gives up. It's like, fuck it. You get Kangaroo Jack. Watch it.
I hate you guys. You broke my computer brain.
I love, I love those recommendations though. Cause it's like here's some movies like Earth
Girls are easy. Cocoon. Well, I'm not actually sure that that's 2001 is Space Odyssey. Netflix
just because it has space in it. That's not, there's two different things.
And also to be fair real quick, while we're talking to Netflix, I've noticed Netflix that
sometimes it'll say shit like, uh, recommendations. If you liked Earth Girls are easy, check out
Earth Girls are easy. That's some weak ass shit. Netflix.
Netflix. Are you sure that I'll like that? Dumb, lazy bitch.
Oh, that reminds me. Have you seen Earth Girls are easy? I have Netflix. You know, I have
Netflix. I watched it on you. I used you to watch it. You know that, you know, this true.
Can we go see Earth Girls are easy? We can't because we just did seconds ago.
I got a theatrical cut. That's the same one. I watched that one with you. You loved it.
This one has even more Jeff Goldblum sex scenes and he's furry in them.
I don't know how much you like that. Oh, you like furry Jeff Goldblum sex movies?
Here's Earth Girls are easy.
Perfect. Hey, have you seen Das Boot? Let me start it up. What the fuck? This is Earth
Girls are easy again. You just changed the picture. You changed the bunk line.
Actually, now that I've examined it here, I can see where you've just hastily scribbled
Das Boot in crayon over the Earth Girls are easy box and just darkened everything so it
looks like it's in a submarine. I was trying to watch the pianist,
but I see that you went ahead and you just loaded up Earth Girls are easy.
By the way, if someone makes an Earth Girls are easy sequel in a submarine,
I would be Earth Girls are easy and oh my God, there's so much water.
Earth Girls are easy and deeply submerged. Like I would watch that. I would watch that movie.
I think who would be okay. Who would be the aliens like before it was Damon Wayans,
Jeff Goldblum and Jim Carrey who would be like, oh, Christ, that's such a power pack.
That's like the I mean, you gotta see like the new that's like the new Hollywood Rat Pack,
right? God, I don't know. Dax Shepard weasels his way in there, right?
Who's that funny fat kid from Superbad? Gotta get two scoops of Dax. Gotta get Dax up in there.
I see. I think Jonah Hill's too big now. Jonah. Oh, he wouldn't fit in the submarine.
Asshole. I think Dax Shepard. I think that I think the DL Hughley could use a job.
I need one more. Jim Carrey. Jim Carrey. Jim this summer. Jim Carrey, Dax Shepard
and DL Hughley learn that Earth girls are easy and also underwater pretty deeply.
They learn how to steer submarines and also how to please a woman. Bring a backup diaper
because who's that driving the submarine? It's Carrot Top. God, this is a good movie.
When is this coming out? I really do want to see it. I'll wait and read the reviews.
Somehow the moment I think somehow the moment the ideas of Earth girls are easy sequel and Dax
Shepard entered my head, I knew that it was too terrifying a reality that it would not come to
pass. It's just too horrifying to joke about. Griffin. Yeah, I got you. Gimme. This one was
sent in by Adam Cole. Thank you, Adam Cole. It's by Yahoo Answers user RandomDude1003 who asks,
is my little brother normal? I'm trying to be the person to explain to him any questions about
puberty, but he doesn't want to know how to masturbate. Is that weird?
Just come over here, little bubby. Sit down. Why don't you want to know this? This is like the
best. This is like the most important thing. It's like puberty 101. You got to know this one thing
or none of the other things will work out very well. It's the keystone. If you met my little
brother, if you get him within 30 feet of a female between the ages of 13 and 60, he will attack them
like a rabid dog. He will leap across the dinner table and gobble them up because he will not learn
how to masturbate. To be fair, his little brother is five. Gross. What are you even saying? Are you
saying little brother is going through five-year-old puberty? What are you saying? Hey, Mike. Wait,
wait, wait. Pass me my juice. I'm going to watch some Yu-Gi-Oh! You down? You got to check this
Saturday morning lineup. We got Yu-Gi-Oh! We got Phineas and Ferb and SpongeBob. It's fucking sick.
It's fucking killer. I spilled Capri's son on my jam jams. Fuck. My whole scene is fucked, Mike.
Hey, mom, throw my jam jams in the dryer. Got Capri on them again.
Fuck. This wouldn't be so frustrating if I knew how to jerk it. Fuck this. Fuck everything.
I wish I was three again. Shit was so easy back then.
I think Justin left, so in his absence, I'm going to suggest we make a trip to the money zone.
Today, we're in the car with the Super Brophy Brothers. It's a webcomic. They've got brothers
in it. Brothers are involved, Griffin. Is that correct? That's all you really need to know. I
mean, if you're listening to the show, you're obviously a connoisseur of sibling-based entertainment,
and this is what you're going to get with the Super Brophy Brothers. They're a webcomic.
They're also a podcast, so they're trying to step to our game, and all I have to say is if you step
to this face, then you're going to get cut up. Well, there you go, and you can find it at
superbrophybrothers.com. That's brophy, B-R-O-P-H-Y, brothers.com.
Get down on the fucking ground floor of that joint. By the time you get there, though,
they'll probably be all cut because they stepped to our game and tried to cop our swagger.
Sorry about all the blood on your comic that you make. Also up there, we got Mark Montalbano,
but Addy calls him Man Bear Pig. Aw, that's a strange little pet name. That is weird. They
hooked up in 07 while they were working at a cool non-profit together, and then they got married
on a mountaintop. When you say hooked up, you mean met and became acquainted, right? Not like
they fucked, because that's way too personal. They became lovers. July 10th, 2010. So they've
been married a year yesterday. And she wants him to know that he is her best friend, and she'll
love him till death or zombies. That's precious. So we love you two, and now Griffin is going to
play a little jingle he wrote for everyone. Can't get enough of that brotherly love.
We are offended, but you should still listen to that other podcast.
The Super Brophy Brothers Podcast.
Perfect. Great. Good. Now the other one. Now the other one.
Man Bear Pig. It's three things.
I think that's great.
That's just Man Bear Pig. He's three things.
I think that's great. So thank you guys so much for taking us on that journey.
If you would like to get on the Jumbotron, on our fancy new multi-million dollar Jumbotron,
where do they go, Griffin? What's the address? It is maximumfun.org slash Jumbotron.
And you can just go there, and it's easier than our previous signup process. Get in there,
get your mention, get your special occasion noted on a Max Fun Show. Well, let's be honest,
our show. Fuck those guys. We need your zinni. We're on that paper chase. We're on the paper
chase, and we need to get paid. Is it okay to take my shoes off at the office?
I think you're very warm, and even with powders and potions, I suffer. They are not odorous,
just uncomfortable. I think this is reasonable to do under a desk. If Fred maintains, I am a
barbarian. Please help, brothers. That's from Gmail. I don't think that's appropriate. I don't
think it's ever appropriate, because then people don't even have to really smell anything. If they
see you with your shoes off, you're Stinky Dave or whatever, Stinky Dylan. Yeah, or Kindergarten Dave.
Like, go put your shoes in the cubby hole, you fucking toddler. No, this is a place of business.
What if a client comes in? Hey, hey, listen. We've got a client coming into business today,
and you have got to put your shoes on. He's not going to want to make business with us anymore
if he sees you out there with no shoes. I think there's one way you can get away with this, though.
Three words. Well, two words, and they're hyphenated. The first two. There are two
hyphenated words, so that's one word. Can I guess what the three words are? You're
going to guess them right away, so it won't even be fun. Okay, let me try. Imaginary shoe thief.
No. Uh-huh. Good. Listen to this. You ready for this science, this knowledge?
Gold toe socks. They're the business shoes of 2011. It's business cash, are these gold toe socks,
because you can just let those puppies bark, and then your gold toe socks are even fancier than
whatever loafers you wore into the office here. Can I just say that it took me a second to put
together what you were talking about, and for some reason at first I thought you were talking
about the socks that are like individual toes. No, no, no, no. So that you could wiggle your
little toe fingers there, but they were colored gold, and that's what made it okay. That might
be acceptable if you work at some sort of incense boutique. We're talking about a real
place, a business place, where clients come to do business. If you're working at Stinky Sticks,
then that's acceptable. If you're working at Stank and Smoke, then you can make that work for you.
I think you're looking for Stank and Dank. Stank and Dank. If you're working at Stank and Dank,
that's acceptable. Otherwise, go gold toe. Because those are the most expensive, that says,
I'm ready for business. I've made a conscious aesthetic choice with my sock wear.
What about socks that say, I'm ready for business?
Just written on them, you mean? Yeah, and a little sock says, I'm ready,
and the other one says, for business. You could also just write, you get a marker and
write the words Calvin Klein on your regular socks. So then people know, hey, that guy's
ready for business. Nice business socks, Dave. We haven't even considered sock garters. We
didn't even think about those. That's a cool look. That's a business professional casual look.
You've got your Birkin socks and socks and sock garters. There's a lot going on down there.
For anyone to appreciate sock garters, he's got to be wearing shorts or rolled up khakis.
You know what? Let's take it two more steps towards business cash, and we'll say jorts.
We're saying jorts, we're saying gold toe socks, we're saying sock garters.
Is a mesh athletic tee too far? Sleeves or no sleeves?
No sleeves. I don't know. I think no sleeves is pushing it.
Okay. Sleeves. You got to get everyone in the office to do it.
Yeah. The more things we add, the more things we add, the harder it's going to be. If you just
want to get everybody wearing gold toe socks, no problem. When you throw jorts and sock garters in
the mix, you're going to have a hard time getting Debbie and accounting on board with that.
Sure. Unless you brand them. If you put your company name on the sock garter-
Are you grossed out by my lack of shoes? Good. I've got your attention. Here's the pitch.
We put our thing on socks. Jorts.
Jorts. Are you saying that this is a company that sells jorts? Because if that's the case,
then I think that would be sort of complicit in their company guidelines,
is that everyone has to wear their jorts all the time.
Yeah. I think if your boss tries to hassle you, you say, hey, I'm Japanese, you bigot,
or I'm half Japanese, depending on what you can pull off. Culturally, yeah.
Justin, that may be, in a weird way, the most racist thing I've ever heard in my entire life.
Are you saying Japanese people only wear jorts?
Why did jorts have to do this? Why didn't jorts figure it at all?
Clearly, he was talking about the Asians love sock garters.
He doesn't want to wear shoes in the office. So if you're not wearing shoes,
then you can tell your boss you're your family is Japanese.
You can't derail our above ground jorts train
and then jump back to a thing we were talking about 10 minutes ago. We were on jorts.
I'm trying to solve the problem. But telling him that you're trying to make your boss feel
like he's not culturally sensitive is a good way to get him off your back.
I am so angry at you right now. We were on a jorts tear. We were on a hot jorts streak.
I'm 30 years old. I don't know what jorts are.
They're jean shorts, you dumb dick. Use your context clues.
It starts with J. What else starts with J? Jorts, you fucking racist.
Forgive me for thinking that you would in some way be talking about the goddamn question at hand.
Japanese shorts.
This is the question that breaks our show up because you don't know what jorts are.
That's really nice. That's a really nice shorts. Yeah, they got a cell phone in them.
I got them in Japan. These shorts are a cell phone.
They're also made of denim. Don't look at me. Don't look at me.
I see you buying my garters, sir.
Respect my proud heritage. Eyes above the waist, please.
If you don't wear pants, no one's going to notice that you're not wearing shoes.
Just go naked waist down and be like, oh. This is where all our questions end.
You guys notice that? What?
I have a small problem, and we go from small solution to just get your whole dick out and
we're nothing but sock garters.
I think our strategy is sort of create a bigger problem that eclipses the smaller problem.
Sure, sure, sure. It's like when you have a bug bite and then your dad breaks your arm
so that you don't pay attention to the bug bite anymore.
Exactly. Exactly.
It's one strategy. You're not going to see Abby trying to get you to do it.
You're not going to see Abby trying that one. She's going to attack the problem head on.
We're going to sneak up behind it and slit its throat. That's our style. That's our way.
I think our shit is pretty practical. I think that you roll up into your office wearing
sock garters and gold toe socks and jorts and maybe long underpants under the jorts
that everything's just going to be 100% copacetic.
I am a guy in his early 20s, and I recently started using online dating.
Within a week, I've scheduled three dates over the weekend with three seemingly very nice ladies.
I've never been in this situation before, and I'm unsure if this is impolite.
I haven't mentioned this to any of the girls I've gone on first dates with,
and if I go on a third date with any of them, I'll turn down the others.
Is there a proper etiquette for this situation? This is from Courteous in Colorado.
You're playing a dangerous game, my friend.
Yeah. You've got hoes in different web addresses, and this house of cards that you've built is going
to collapse right on your head, and it's not going to hurt very much because it's made of cards, but
it's going to hurt them.
I think this is one of those things, like if you imagine that, okay, say that this turns into one
of these women is the one, and you guys are together forever and get married and stuff.
So the story you're going to tell is you were dating three girls at the same time and decided
three girls at the same time and decided on this one forever.
That's kind of nice, right?
I had my choice of three, and I went with the...
I had a golden corral of ladies, and I went with the steak.
I think this is okay because statistically speaking, one's a guy. Like, one's a guy.
Yeah, one out of three women is a guy. That's stats, basic stats.
One is a guy pretending to be a girl on online dating because that's how he likes to
get his jerk cookies.
Exactly.
One is a horse pretending to be a human, so good luck spying her.
And one is a woman pretending to be a horse pretending to be a guy pretending to be a woman.
So good luck.
You cut through those layers enough, you're going to get something real nice.
Basically a small, small, three-foot-tall woman operating a horse in a woman's suit
with mechanics and stuff.
It's going to look like a scene out of the Wizard of Oz, but a really bad Wizard of Oz.
A really upsetting Wizard of Oz.
You're not doing anything wrong. It's casual.
Casual doesn't get much more casual than first dates.
I do like that you've left that second date window just to see what happens.
He's not going to tell them on the first date, and he will tell them on the third date,
but on the second date, I don't know.
He's not going to tell them that they're on a secret version of The Bachelor?
I'm playing covert bachelor with you.
It's The Bachelor meets Candid Camera, and it sucks. It's the suckiest show.
Everybody just gets their feelings hurt.
Victoria, I'm sorry that you have to leave the show.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
Excuse me? I'm on a what now?
You just picked up a rose, and then you set it back down on the table without giving it to me,
and I have no idea what's going on.
I'm so confused.
Who are those two other women? One of them looks pony-ish.
One of them is my fourth-grade gym teacher, Mr. Perkins.
We've got Mr. Perkins, and we've got a dog in a sundress,
so I don't know what you're doing anymore. This is the best date I've ever been on.
I'm glad we're at the mall.
Can we go see Zookeeper and maybe get a pretzel?
From Kanye.
Griffin, gimme.
Another Yahoo?
Yeah, I think so.
This one was sent in by Lisa Holifield. Thank you, Lisa.
It's by Yahoo Answers user Emily W, who asks,
Big tough dog names, please. I will be getting a big dog soon,
and I need a tough, sexy, hot name to go with it, haha.
Male and female names are okay. Please no Fluffy or Mr. Snuggles.
It won't be amusing no matter how funny you think it might be.
I won't care, so really. Some tough names for a tough dog, smiley face, thanks.
She needs a tough, sexy, hot name for her tough, sexy, hot, male or female dog.
Vin Diesel the dog.
See, gee, my mind went to the very same place, Travis.
Really?
I swear to God, I was gonna say Diesel.
What about Condoleezza Rice the dog? Cause she didn't take any gut from anybody.
Oh, she is, she will, she will bite you, clean through your neck.
Are there some suggestions for a name?
You clean through your neck. Are there some suggestions?
Did people have any good guesses?
Um, Ichabod. No.
What?
Pirate.
Fuck you.
Zeus. Zeus is all right.
Zeus is pretty good.
Um, Buddy.
What are you, that's not-
That's like the opposite.
Blaze.
Ice.
Laser.
It's my dog, Turbo. He loves to have a metal ball and roll around.
I think we're, I think we could come up with a hundred tough sounding dude names.
What I think is really gonna be tricky is coming up with a hot, a tough, sexy, hot female dog name.
Holly Hunt.
Cause I see a female dog and I think, I think, you know, Daisy or something, something delicate.
I don't think Laser or something like that.
What about Kathleen Turner? She exudes strength, but still has that femininity.
How about Kathy Bates?
Kathy Bates, uh, maybe not as much with the sexy, but definitely tough, tough cookie.
Uh, bite your tongue, sir.
Have you seen Harry's Law?
It's like you haven't even seen Misery.
That shit is a femme d'amore's wet dream.
Gross.
I am creeped out.
Snap these ankles, Kathy Bates.
I have been a dirty birdie.
Sure, I'll write a story.
I'll write a story about how rock hard I am right now.
It's going to take a full book to express how-
You can hobble my legs, but you can't hobble this boner.
I think that of those dog names, I feel like the best one, uh, is Snoopy.
Now hear me out.
Okay.
It exudes strength because of the longevity.
Yeah.
And if you wanted R to outlast you, that's what Snoopy did.
He outlived his creator.
That's, that's strong.
That's strength, right?
And Snoopy, no one knows if Snoopy's a male dog or a female dog.
Well, I would say that if it's female, you can go with Snooki.
Okay.
Sexy.
Which, as everyone knows, is the female version of Snoopy.
There's a whole, there's a whole world of reality television that we could, that we could dive into.
Sure.
Like-
Oh, male or female, the situation.
This is my dog, this is my dog Cake Boss.
This is, this is my dog Countess Luanne de Lesseps.
It's from Real Housewives.
Oh yeah?
Oh, tell me more.
This is my dog 18 Kids and Counting.
No, you're just saying things now.
Yeah.
This is my dog the Duggars.
This is my dog 19 Bites and Counting, because it'll bite you all the time.
This is my dog, Dog the Bounty Hunter.
Yeah.
Oh God.
I want to hear everyone's last question.
But for super quick housekeeping stuff, mbnbam.com is our website.
Maxfunstore.com is our new t-shirt that you can buy.
I know some sizes are, are sold out right now.
But, but our friends at Topo Taco have told us that-
What?
That our Topo Taco, Topo Taco, there it is.
At Poo Poo Taco.
Topo Taco, right?
That's right.
Simpatico.
Yeah.
Our friends at Inception have told us that they will, they will get it in super quickly.
Topo Toco.
There we go.
They will, they will replace the size.
Topo Jujo.
Topo Jujo has the softest shirts.
John Paul.
So men large and medium and women's large are, are no women's medium are out.
But-
Tupac Oprah.
Tupac.
Tupac Tocoro.
So be sure to-
Tocoria.
Yeah.
Our neighbor Totoro.
Our email address is nbmbam at maximumfun.org.
We have a phone number that we, that I think Griffin might listen to sometimes.
203 Mabim Bam 1.
Give it a ring.
I think formspring.me for such nbmbam is another method where we get questions.
And Twitter, thank you so much for, for, for talking about our show there.
Use the nbmbam hashtag like our good friend Church's wife.
She's out there constantly spreading the word, Stacey Bomb, Crystal Whalen, Skyliner12, everybody.
You're all awesome.
That Sports Babe, Kane and Christ, people are spreading the word.
And right now we have got, B Frank is making, that's Bridget, to her friends.
She's stitching something nbmbam related.
I can't wait to see that.
If you don't care to this week, can you tell a friend about our show?
You can point them to bit.ly forward slash it's move in bam.
That's our, our, our sampler there or just send them to the website.
Burn them a CD of some shows if they're not into like iTunes and the whole bit.
If they are, if you are, subscribe and give us a review.
I'm going to take a much more aggressive, I'm going to take a much more aggressive approach
and say that if our listenership does not double by this time next week, we quit forever.
No, no, wait, he doesn't mean that.
We'll never quit doing the show.
We might miss it.
We'll never die.
I promise.
And, and thank you guys as always for all your support.
And remember maximumfund.org forward slash jumbotron.
You can get up in there and I think that's everything.
Our final question of the day was sent in by Rachel Rosales.
Thank you, Rachel.
It's by Yahoo Answers user, handy leatherette, who asks,
Hey, what's the best kind of pubic comb to use?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
This has been my brother.
My brother and me, kiss your dad, square on the lips.